Bot Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) apply to the use of the service (“Service”, “Bot”) provided by Sam Neuman (hereinafter also referred as “we” or “us”).

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at hambotdiscord@gmail.com

We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The Privacy Policy explains the basis on which personal information we collect from you will be processed by us or on our behalf.

Where we decide the purpose or means for which personal data you supply through these Services is processed, we are the “controller”.

Where you decide the purpose or means for which personal data you supply through these Services is processed, you are the “controller”. We will comply with proper and applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.

We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about the following:

What information we may collect about you;
How we will use the information we collect about you;
Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else; and
Your choices and rights regarding the personal information you have provided to us.

We may make changes to this Privacy Policy in the future. You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Where appropriate we may notify you of such changes.

2. Information we may collect about you
We collect and process the following information which may include your personal data.

Discord Server ID & Name, Discord Channel ID & Name.

We do not access or store emails or phone numbers for our Discord bot users.

3. Collecting, processing and using personal data
We only store and process your personal data when you have voluntarily supplied us with it such as installing HamBot on your server or by interacting with it. Your personal data will not be disclosed or otherwise transmitted.

4. Why we collect information about you – purpose of processing
We will use information about you for delivering our Services to you under the terms of use agreed between us. The processing of information in this way is necessary for us to provide you the Service properly and to ensure the features function properly so that you have the best Service possible.

5. Log files
During every interaction with the Service, user data is store in protocol files, the so-called log files. The datasets stored here may contain such data as date and time of the interaction, ID and username of the interacting user, the command used, ID and name of the Discord Server in which the interaction took place as well as the ID and name of the Discord Channel the interaction took place in.

6. Data sharing
We do NOT sell your personal data and we don’t provide it to anyone outside our organisation.

Personnel, suppliers or subcontractors: We keep your information confidential, but may disclose it to our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the information, and have agreed to safeguard it.

Required by law: In addition, we may disclose your information to the extent that we are required to do so by law (which may include to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.

7. Your rights
You have the following rights over the way your personal data are processed.

To make a request, please let us know by sending an email to hambotdiscord@gmail.com

You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we process about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
You can ask for supplying, correcting or deleting personal information held about you.
You can ask us to restrict, stop processing, or to delete your personal data.
